updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#16108)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/data/wcf/feed-customization-wcf-data-services.md

ms.assetid: 0d1a39bc-6462-4683-bd7d-e74e0fd28a85
---
# Feed Customization (WCF Data Services)

> WCF Data Services uses the Open Data Protocol (OData) to expose data as a feed. OData supports both Atom and JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) formats for data feeds. When you use an Atom feed, OData provides a standard method to serialize data, such as entities and relationships, into an XML format that can be included in the body of HTTP message. OData defines a default entity-property mapping between the data that is contained in entities and Atom elements. For more information, see [OData: Atom Format](https://www.odata.org/developers/protocols/atom-format/).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WCF Data Services uses the Open Data Protocol (OData) to expose data as a feed. OData supports both Atom and JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) formats for data feeds. When you use an Atom feed, OData provides a standard method to serialize data, such as entities and relationships, into an XML format that can be included in the body of HTTP message. OData defines a default entity-property mapping between the data that is contained in entities and Atom elements. For more information, see [OData: Atom Format](https://www.odata.org/documentation/odata-version-2-0/atom-format/).  
```

> When you define custom feeds, you must guarantee that all entity properties that have custom mappings defined are included in the projection. When a mapped entity property is not included in the projection, data loss might occur. For more information, see [Query Projections](query-projections-wcf-data-services.md).  
  
## Customizing Feeds with the Entity Framework Provider  

>  The data model used with the Entity Framework provider is represented as XML in the .edmx file. In this case, the attributes that define custom feeds are added to the `EntityType` and `Property` elements that represent entity types and properties in the data model. These feed customization attributes are not defined in [\[MC-CSDL\]: Conceptual Schema Definition File Format](https://www.odata.org/docs/[MC-CSDL].htm), which is the format that the Entity Framework provider uses to define the data model. Therefore, you must declare feed customization attributes in a specific schema namespace, which is defined as `m="http://schemas.microsoft.com/ado/2007/08/dataservices/metadata"`. The following XML fragment shows feed customization attributes applied to `Property` elements of the `Products` entity type that define the `ProductName`, `ReorderLevel`, and `UnitsInStock` properties.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The data model used with the Entity Framework provider is represented as XML in the .edmx file. In this case, the attributes that define custom feeds are added to the `EntityType` and `Property` elements that represent entity types and properties in the data model. These feed customization attributes are not defined in [\[MC-CSDL\]: Conceptual Schema Definition File Format](https://docs.microsoft.com/openspecs/windows_protocols/mc-csdl/c03ad8c3-e8b7-4306-af96-a9e52bb3df12), which is the format that the Entity Framework provider uses to define the data model. Therefore, you must declare feed customization attributes in a specific schema namespace, which is defined as `m="http://schemas.microsoft.com/ado/2007/08/dataservices/metadata"`. The following XML fragment shows feed customization attributes applied to `Property` elements of the `Products` entity type that define the `ProductName`, `ReorderLevel`, and `UnitsInStock` properties.  
```
